# www.designersenthil.com
Design and development of UI Screens. Laid out the application structure using Angular JS for UI development. Creating Quote, Book Order, Track, Manage Items, Manage Locations by Angular JS, bootstarp. Implemented Angular Controllers to maintain each view data. Implemented Angular Service calls using Angular Factory. Implemented injections for scope, routeParams and rootScope. Implemented Directives to make customized components. Delivering a complete front end application. Ensuring high performance on mobile and desktop. Writing tested, idiomatic, and documented JavaScript, HTML and CSS. Cooperating with the back-end developer in the process of building the RESTful API. Communicating with external web services. Proficiency with JavaScript and HTML5. Professional, precise communication skills. Deep knowledge of Angular JS practices and commonly used modules based on extensive work experience. Creating self-contained, reusable, and testable modules and components. Ensuring a clear dependency chain, in regard to the app logic as well as the file system. Thorough understanding of the responsibilities of the platform, database, API, caching layer, proxies, and other web services used in the system. Validating user actions on the client side and providing responsive feedback. Writing non-blocking code, and resorting to advanced techniques such as multi-threading, when needed. Creating custom, general use modules and components which extend the elements and modules of core Angular JS. Experience with building the infrastructure for serving the front-end app and assets. Java Script, HTML5, CSS, jQuery, Angular JS in development of front end/UI portals. Java Script and AJAX calls. Expertise in jQuery plugins and Angular components. Angular JS controllers, directives, factory and service resources, routings and events. HTTP Service, Web Service and Remote Object for data sending and retrieval. Working with different data formats like Object, JSON. AngularJS, Bootstrap, Visual Studio, Fire Works,  Adobe Photoshop, JQuery, JSON, Dreamviewer,  JavaScript, Web 2.0, HTML 5, DHTML, XHTML, XML, CSS, AJAX.
